## NewHtmlReport PowerShell Module

The NewHtmlReport PowerShell module provides some functions for easily creating consistent, functional HTML reports from data. The tables in which data is presented use the [jQuery](https://jquery.com) framework and the [TableSorter](http://tablesorter.com) jQuery plugin, to provide sorting capabilities by default on all tables.  Additionally, with the default CSS, consistent and useful style comes standard -- including alternating row background color (a.k.a., "zebra-striped" row background colors). 

### Configuration and Usage
Use `Get-Help -Full about_NewHtmlReport` upon loading the module in your PowerShell session to consume the help in traditional PowerShell fashion.  Or, you can read the file directly in the Git repo or PowerShell module directory: `<moduleDirectory>\en-us\about_NewHtmlReport.help.txt`

Quick hint:  as you will read in the about-module help, the module configuration points at a couple of JavaScript files for functionality and a CSS file for style.  Example copies of these files are provided in the Git repo for this module, on which you can build if desired.  As the configuration section of the help mentions, you should probably grab the latest/greatest versions of the JavaScript files.  But, the CSS file has a few decent style elements already defined, and should make a good base.  Additionally, there are a few image files in the resources folder -- these files are of the names used in the example CSS.  The help doc discusses using these (or other) images, and points out an example statement in the sample CSS that uses said images.

### Example Output
Want to see some sample output reports that result from the commands in the examples sections of the cmdlets' help?  Of course you do.  See the GitHub Pages page for this project at <https://mtboren.github.io/NewHtmlReport> to enjoy such sample reports.  The reports contain little/no fluff:  they are there to provide examples of the interactive tables, styling, captions, highlighting, etc., features provided by this PowerShell module. 